---
title: Poster guidelines
description: Present your work at EBRIII
background: /assets/images/ebrposter1.png
permalink: /guidelines/
---

#  TEN GUIDELINES TO MAKE A GOOD POSTER

Create a clear and concise title that accurately reflects the main point of your research. Use a very large font size that is easily readable from a distance of 6m.

Organize your content logically, following a clear flow from introduction to conclusion. Use a grid-based layout to maintain visual order.

Sections and headings: divide your poster into sections with clear headings. For example, if it is a research poster use IMRaD (Introduction, Methods, Results, and Discussion). This helps viewers quickly navigate and understand your research. If it is a policy paper, Introduction/Background, Criteria and goals for the policy,  Policy choices/implementation, Conclusion. For other types, follow the structure you would use in an elevator pitch.

Choose large readable fonts (from 2m) and maintain font type and size consistency throughout the poster. Sans-serif fonts like Arial or Calibri are often preferred for their clarity.

Avoid excessive text. Use bullet points, concise sentences, and focus on key information. The poster should provide an overview, with the presenter offering additional details during discussions. Less is more. 800 words maximum.

Incorporate visually appealing elements like charts, graphs, and (relevant) images, with clear captions. Ensure that visuals are high quality (600dpi if possible), and use color sparingly to highlight essential points. Limit the number of colors you use.

Allow for sufficient white space to prevent overcrowding. This helps maintain a clean and professional look, making it easier for viewers to absorb information.

Do not forget to add all of your affiliations, sponsors, and the key references cited in your poster.

Simplicity is key. Avoid overly complex layouts or too many design elements. Aim for a clean, consistent, organized, and easily digestible poster.

Commonly used software include Inkscape (free), Powerpoint, Google Slides (free), Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign.

